This is my first attempt at a storyboard based cocoa app.

It's not very optimized, it's not very pretty, but it works.

The basic concept is that the first screen is your input field. You have two inputs: the tiles, and a regex field. You can also use a slider to set the maximum size word you are looking for.  In the tiles field you can use a . (period) as a wild card character. You can then find all the matching tiles by hitting the "Do it!" button. The transition to the next view can take a long time (second or two) depending on the number of words you match. That's because my algorithm is very, very, very simple. The goal of this project was to learn cocoa and not to optimized a scrabble / words with frieds cheat program. 

Once you go to the next scree/view, you are presented with a list of all the words that match.  You can change the sort order between value based and legth based. If you select a word, I try to look it up for you. The dictionary I'm using is from dict.org. I couldn't find a simple (like really simple) web access tool, so I wrote a very simple CGI script on my home server.

I use the regex field to help find matches. If you have a connector tile, you must add that tile to the tiles field. For example, if your tiles are "gykhrto" and you are trying to connect to a "c", your tile field should be "gykhrtoc". The make sure that the "c" is used, you should use it in the regex field. Valid regex patterns allow you to do cool things like looking for words that start with the connector (in our case "^c"), end with the connector ("c$"), have the connector as the third letter ("^..c"), etc. 

Overall this has helped me beat everyone I've played with.

It's not fast. It's not pretty. But I've learned.

Watch as I add more stuff.

-----

todo: 
1) Make Pretty (not first priority)
2) Add option to change dictionaries depending on the game
   2.1) Persist dictionary change between invocations
3) regex search of the dictionary without doing a tile matching
4) use something fancy like a TRIE for word searching
5) create a fancy input thing for the tiles (like dragging tiles instead of using a keyboard)
6) change the dictionary to the dictionary.com API if they ever let me at it.
  6.1) Change from a textview to a webview and present the stuff nicer.
  6.2) monetize this view and take over the world!
